W-14647559-Remove-links-to-archive-site-CP (#506)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/setting-up-your-development-environment.adoc

[NOTE]
--

> Studio 6.1.1 and newer allows you to log-in to Anypoint Platform using your configured xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[federated external identity].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Studio versions 6.1.1 and later allow you to log in to Anypoint Platform using your configured xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[federated external identity].
```
Another option would be: "Studio 6.1.1 and later versions..."

As per our guidelines: 
"later"
Use instead of "above" or "greater" to refer to subsequent releases.

=== Enable Private Cloud Edition Setup

> Anypoint Studio 6.2 and higher support the xref:private-cloud::index.adoc[Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (Anypoint Platform PCE)] version 1.7 and earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Studio versions 6.2 and later support the xref:private-cloud::index.adoc[Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (Anypoint Platform PCE)] version 1.7 and earlier.
```

When referring to release spans, use "earlier" and "later" rather than "lower" and "higher" or "below" and "above."
